Aha/storage docs (#577)
scireum/sirius-biz: src/main/java/sirius/biz/storage/layer3/README.md

> # Layer 2 - Blob Storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Layer 3 - Virtual File System
```

This is the **layer 3** of the [Storage Framework](../). It provides a unified interface for all parts of the system
which either provide or consume files or file systems. Having a built-in **FTP** and **SSH** server it supports external

> applications access via familiar protocols like **FTP, FTPS, SFTP, SCP**. Also it can mount external file systems via

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
applications access via familiar protocols such as **FTP, FTPS, SFTP, SCP**. Also it can mount external file systems via
```
